Add CHANGELOG.md entry for 1.5.1 (#3589)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.5.1] - 2022-11-08

### Fixed

> - A regression in behavior preventing the use of default_svid_ttl in Server configuration (#3583)

Reviewer: It would be good to state when this bug was introduced.

```suggestion
- The `default_svid_ttl` configurable is now correctly observed after fixing a regression introduced in 1.5.0 (#3583)
```

Reviewer 2: Should we use the word `deprecated` when discussing that configurable?

Author: updated to `The deprecated `default_svid_ttl` configurable is now correctly observed after fixing a regression introduced in 1.5.0 (#3583)`
